There are sev­er­al rea­sons why I write my nov­els in one long para­graph. First of all, I sim­ply like it, I like when black words com­plete­ly cov­er the white­ness of paper. Sec­ond­ly, I feel that when I write in a long para­graph, I am pay­ing hom­mage to the writ­ers who influ­enced me with their own long sen­tences and para­graphs – William Faulkn­er, Thomas Wolfe, Franz Kaf­ka, Samuel Beck­ett, Thomas Bern­hard. And final­ly, I write like that because I believe that a sto­ry or a nov­el is cre­at­ed in the joint effort between the writer and the read­er through the act of read­ing. The long para­graph is like a dark labyrinth through which they have to find their way. Unfor­tu­nate­ly, many read­ers would rather read books writ­ten in short sen­tences than a nov­el or a col­lec­tion of short sto­ries try­ing to explore new pos­si­bil­i­ties in the world of fic­tion. Per­haps they have had enough of post­mod­ern and metafic­tion­al lit­er­a­ture and believe they deserve a break? That might be why many of them recoil when they are faced with a nov­el writ­ten in a three-hun­dred-page-long para­graph, con­vinced that it is more dif­fi­cult to read than a reg­u­lar nov­el. That pre­sump­tion is wrong because a one-para­graph nov­el also has its dia­logues, descrip­tions, new para­graphs, and even new chap­ters. True, they are not so marked but any atten­tive read­er will rec­og­nize them in the process of read­ing. Read­ing should always be fun, I agree, but it should also be for learn­ing and understanding.PUB, PDF, TXT, XML, HTML, INI, CSV, LOG, etc. simultaneously. It allows the user to carry out word count in word files, word count in excel files, word count in PowerPoint files or word count in pdf files with similar ease. Purpose of the software is to make Counting and Cost Calculation tasks simple. User can carry out these tasks with a few mouse clicks. They can select files for these operations by using add files button or add folders button. By clicking add folders button user can add all files contained in a selected folder at one go or add relevant files by selecting types of files. Next step is to set price, currency and unit on which cost needs to be calculated. Thereafter the user needs to click start counting button to start counting process.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The software is equipped with whole lot of advanced features to make counting and cost calculation process fast and simple. The software has great utility in transcription and translation industry, as this tool facilitates effortless calculation of cost of transcription and translation and trend of paying professional writers, transcriptase and translators is increasing. The software can process large amount of data at one go making this a fast and reliable tool. This saves precious time and effort of the user. The software has earned wide acceptance in transcription and translation industry.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Word Count Tool is a free trial software application from the Office Suites & Tools subcategory, part of the Business category. The app is currently available in English and it was last updated on 2016-10-06. The program can be installed on Win2000, Win7 x32, Win7 x64, WinVista, WinVista x64, WinXP.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Word Count Tool (version 3.6.3.22) has a file size of 9.56 MB and is available for download from our website. Just click the green Download button above to start. Until now the program was downloaded 7700 times. We already checked that the download link to be safe, however for your own protection we recommend that you scan the downloaded software with your antivirus.